.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -mandoc -Tascii db_convert.1 # on GNU/Linux systems
.\"
.TH DB_CONVERT 1 "JANUARY 2001" "User Manuals"
.Dd JANUARY 2001
.Dt DB_CONVERT 1
.Os "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
db_convert \- convert users database from text mode to postgres.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B db_convert
.RB -d
.IR db_file
.RB [ -x
.IR tblname ]
.RB [ -p
.IR prt ]
.RB [ -u
.IR user ]
.RB [ -w
.IR pass ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
I've made utility called
.B db_convert.
This program will convert your Micro$oft Access database to Postgress sql
users database. First of all you'll need export Access database to text file
with symbol ';' as delimiter. Open ICQSDB.mdb, highlight icqusers_tb table, 
then select menu file/export. In appeared window choose save as text file after
that you can copy it on your Unix machine and start converting.
.Pp
.br
.I NOTE:
Before converting you can choose apropriate translate file from translate
directory to have databases in native unix codepage...
.Pp
.br
.I WARNING:
You should run iserverd before convertation at least one time to 
create all neccessary tables.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-x <tblname>
Locale translate table name
.TP
.B \-p <prt>
Database server port
.TP
.B \-u <user>
Database user name
.TP
.B \-w <pass>
Database user password
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iserverd (8).
.SH WEBSITE
The iserverd website should be consulted often and can be found at
http://iserverd.khstu.ru.
.SH BUGS
Should you find any bugs, please report them to the author.
.SH COPYING
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Alexandr Shutko.
.Pp
.br
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.SH AUTHORS
Alexandr Shutko <AVShutko@mail.khstu.ru> - program
.br
Andy Shevchenko <andy@smile.org.ua> - man page
