.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -mandoc -Tascii iserverd.8 # on GNU/Linux systems
.\" 
.\"
.TH ISERVERD 8 "JANUARY 2001" "User Manuals"
.Dd JANUARY 2001
.Dt ISERVERD 8
.Os "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
iserverd \- groupware ICQ server clone.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B iserverd
.RB [ -oh?V ]
.RB [ -d
.IR dbg_name ]
.RB [ -p
.IR port ]
.RB [ -c
.IR config ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B iserverd
is an ICQ-compatible server designed to provide client-to-client messaging
service to any size of network or any number of clients.  Clients will be
setup by
.B iserverd
to send messages between online "buddies" and will be given the ability to send
messages to "buddies" who are currently offline for later retrieval.

This program and the author are in no way affiliated with Mirabilis (AOL).
This program is designed as unix Groupware ICQ server since there is no
Groupware ICQ server on a unix box. No reverse engineering or decompilation
of any Mirabilis code took place to make this program.

This is alpha version, so it sometimes work slow and buggy (it worked on yet).
.Pp
.br
.B iserverd
run as a standalone daemon process.
.Pp
.br
For details on the directives used to configure
.B iserverd
and the configuration file in general, refer to the User's Guide accompanying
the distribution or browse them online at the project website (see
.I WEBSITE
below).
.Pp
.br
If you have currently worked ICQGroupwareServer/NT and want to keep your users
database you can convert it with M$Access to text mode and than convert to
postgres with
.BR db_convert (1)
utility.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-o,
Overwrite log file, don't append
.TP
.B \-h, \-?
Print a usage summary, list of options; exit.
.TP
.B \-V,
Print version
.TP
.B \-d <debug logname>
Set the debug filename
.TP
.B \-c <config name>
Set the config filename
.TP
.B \-p <port>
Listen on the specified port
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.B /etc/iserverd/iserv.conf
.br
.B /var/run/iserverd/iserverd.pid
.br
.B /var/log/iserverd/debug.log
.PD
.SH SIGNALS
iserverd will catch SIGHUP signal and  reopen  the
config and log files.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iserv.conf (5),
.BR db_convert (1).
.SH WEBSITE
The iserverd website should be consulted often and can be found at
http://iserverd.khstu.ru.
.SH BUGS
Should you find any bugs, please report them to the author.
.SH COPYING
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Alexandr Shutko.
.Pp
.br
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.SH AUTHORS
Alexandr Shutko <AVShutko@mail.khstu.ru> - program
.br
Andy Shevchenko <andy@smile.org.ua> - man page
