.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -mandoc -Tascii iserv.conf.5 # on GNU/Linux systems
.\"
.TH ISERV.CONF 5 "JULY 2002" "User Manuals"
.Dd JULY 2002
.Dt ISERV.CONF 5
.Os "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
iserv.conf \- iserverd config file.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.RE
.Va 1.
Server parameters.
.SS
.B Bind interface = 0.0.0.0/32
Bind active interface. Server will listen specified port on this address.
It is important to write here one interface if your server have several 
ip addresses
.SS
.B Bind on all interfaces = Yes
Tell server to listen on all interfaces/aliases. Use this carefully with v3/v5 protocols because multihomed server sends reply from interface which closest to client. 
.SS
.B Listen port = 4000
Port for listening clients. Default = 4000
.SS
.B Pid file path = /var/run/iserverd/iserverd.pid
.SS
.B Translate path = /etc/iserverd/translate
.SS
.B Var dir path = /var/run/iserverd
Describe paths for daemon pidfile, translation tables and var directory.
.SS
.B Translate table = RUSSIAN_WIN
Name of translation table, located in 
.B Translate path.
.SS
.B Server mode = daemon
Server mode. Possible variables: daemon, standalone.
.SS
.B Admin email = root@localhost
Server administartor email address 
.SS
.B Min childs = 4
Minimum limit of child process = number of packet processors - 1
if one of childs die server and result number of childs become 
less than this option value server will fork new one
.SS
.B Max childs = 100
Top limit of child processes. When server interprocess pipe overload 
server fork new packet-processor if result number of processes less than 
this parameter. In another case it fork special Busy-processor to purge 
pipe and alert clients that server is too busy...
.SS
.B Default ping time = 120
Time for keep alive between client packets.
.SS
.B Depart list version = 1
Version of the table USERS_DEPS containing list of company departaments.
V3 Clients keep this number in its databases and request this list from
server, if this version greater than clients version.
.SS
.B Externals number = 0
Reserved for future use. Used in v3_proto module to alert clients on new
external programs. 
.SS
.B Enable watchdog = Yes
This option enable software watchdog to detect and kill frozen server 
child processes. This future doesn't detect socket processor hung.   
.SS
.B Watchdog timeout = 10
Time in seconds for watchdog to detect process hung. If process didn't 
process at least one packet (if they exist) during this time it will be 
killed. 
.SS
.B Info Password = DEFAULT
Password for utilities to request info from server. 
Default value is rejected ;)

.RE
.Va 2.
Parameters for database system. 
.SS
.B database user = iserverd
.SS
.B database password = sicq
.SS
.B database addr = 127.0.0.1
If database addr = unix server will use local Postgres socket
in /tmp directory
.SS
.B database port = 5432
.SS
.B users db name = users_db
Users database name

.RE
.Va 3.
Parameters for log/debug system.
.SS
.B Maxlog size = 500
Maximum log size in kilobytes for debug.log
.SS
.B Log umask = 022
.SS
.B Log level = 50
.SS
.B Debug level = 10
.SS
.B Timestamp logs = True
If iserverd should insert time with log records
.SS
.B Append logs = False
If iserverd should append to log afetr restart
.SS
.B Log process pid = False
For syslog records only - to write pid with records

.RE
.Va 4.
Config files for Vxx proto modules.
.SS
.B Include = /etc/iserverd/v3_proto.conf
.SS
.B Include = /etc/iserverd/v5_proto.conf
Protocols special options configs
.SH FILES
.B /etc/iserverd/v3_proto.conf
.br
.B /etc/iserverd/v5_proto.conf
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR v3_proto.conf (5),
.BR v5_proto.conf (5),
.BR iserverd (8).
.SH WEBSITE
The iserverd website should be consulted often and can be found at
http://iserverd.khstu.ru.
.SH BUGS
Should you find any bugs, please report them to the author.
.SH COPYING
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Alexandr Shutko.
.Pp
.br
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.SH AUTHORS
Alexandr Shutko <AVShutko@mail.khstu.ru> - program
.br
Andy Shevchenko <andy@smile.org.ua> - man page
