.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -mandoc -Tascii v3_proto.conf.5 # on GNU/Linux systems
.\"
.TH V3_PROTO.CONF 5 "JANUARY 2001" "User Manuals"
.Dd JANUARY 2001
.Dt V3_PROTO.CONF 5
.Os "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
v3_proto.conf \- config files for V3 proto modules.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SS
.B V3 proto enabled = Yes
This option disable or enable V3 proto module. If you disable 
this proto, V3 clients will get a message box with "Proto V3 disabled"
.SS
.B V3 max retries = 3
Maximum number of tries to retransmit packet if it lost.
Server will try to retransmit packet specified times 
and then delete it from confirm queue
.SS
.B V3 max timeout = 10
Timeout between retransmit packets. If packet is lost 
server wait specified time and then resend expired packet 
.SS
.B V3 ping time = 55
Time between keep-alive client packets. This (55) is
standart value and you should remeber that if you increase 
this - clone clients will not work - they often don't extract
ping time from login reply packet
.SS
.B V3 max search = 100
Maximum records for search result. V3 protocol haven't 
internal limit in search, user can request search by name 
doesn't containing 'sWERWW@#1' and he possibly receive 
information about all server users. This search can easily 
overload network (~300Kb/100 found users).
.SS
.B V3 max msgsize = 2025
Maximum message size (protocol top limit = 2025 bytes).
After this limit every message will fragment. Groupware 
win clients from Mirabilis don't like big packets and 
immediately disconnecting from server, sending such packets
.SS
.B V3 packet mtu = 500
Maximum fragment size (protocol top limit = 600 bytes). 
Fragmented packets used when large messages or system packets are 
transmited
.SS
.B V3 registration enabled = Yes
Enable V3 clients registration. (ICQ->User(UIN)->Login with new uin)
I plan to add Web registration option in main configuration file
so you can disable this and enable only web registration with your
own rules
.SS
.B V3 auto registration = No
If enabled, user will receive his autogenerated UIN and password on
request registration new account. Important: if you set this = yes
you should also change V3 post-register info option, in another case 
client will not see his new uin and password
.SS
.B V3 admin notes = /etc/iserverd/texts/adm_notes.txt
This text shows to client before registration new account.
There are russian and english examples in etc/texts directory
.SS
.B V3 post-register info = /etc/iserverd/texts/post_reg_man.txt
This text shows to client after registration new account.
If You have enabled [V3 auto registration], You MUST change this
to [post_reg_auto.txt] (you should view this text to understand why). 
In another case user can't get his new UIN and password after 
registration. (See post_reg_auto.txt for information)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR iserv.conf (5),
.BR iserverd (8).
.SH WEBSITE
The iserverd website should be consulted often and can be found at
http://iserverd.khstu.ru.
.SH BUGS
Should you find any bugs, please report them to the author.
.SH COPYING
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Alexandr Shutko.
.Pp
.br
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.SH AUTHORS
Alexandr Shutko <AVShutko@mail.khstu.ru> - program
.br
Andy Shevchenko <andy@smile.org.ua> - man page
