.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -mandoc -Tascii v5_proto.conf.5 # on GNU/Linux systems
.\"
.TH V5_PROTO.CONF 5 "JANUARY 2001" "User Manuals"
.Dd JANUARY 2001
.Dt V5_PROTO.CONF 5
.Os "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
v5_proto.conf \- config files for V5 proto modules.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SS
.B V5 proto enabled = Yes
This option disable or enable V5 proto module.
.SS
.B V5 max retries = 3
Maximum number of tries to retransmit packet if it lost.
Server will try to retransmit packet specified times 
and then delete it from confirm queue
.SS
.B V5 max timeout = 2
Timeout between retransmit packets. If packet is lost 
server wait specified time and then resend expired packet 
.SS
.B V5 ping time = 165
Time between keep-alive client packets. This (165) is
standart value and you should remeber that if you increase 
this - clone clients will not work - they often don't extract
ping time from login reply packet
.SS
.B V5 max search = 100
Maximum records for search result. V5 protocol haven't 
internal limit in search, user can request search by name 
doesn't containing 'sWERWW@#1' and he possibly receive 
information about all server users. This search can easily 
overload slow network (~300Kb/100 found users).
.SS
.B V5 max msgsize = 450
Maximum message size (protocol top limit = 510 bytes).
.SS
.B V3 msg split order = backward
V3 clients can send messages thru server up to 2025 bytes
but V5 only 450 bytes. So IServerd split V3 message when 
send it to V5 client. ICQ99 show last message first, 
centerIcq first message first so you can write here 
backward split order or forward
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR v3_proto.conf (5),
.BR iserv.conf (5),
.BR iserverd (8).
.SH WEBSITE
The iserverd website should be consulted often and can be found at
http://iserverd.khstu.ru.
.SH BUGS
Should you find any bugs, please report them to the author.
.SH COPYING
.Pp
Copyright (C) 2000-2005 by Alexandr Shutko.
.Pp
.br
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that
the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.SH AUTHORS
Alexandr Shutko <AVShutko@mail.khstu.ru> - program
.br
Andy Shevchenko <andy@smile.org.ua> - man page
